aa bbaa bbaa bbaa bbaa[0m   
bbaa bbaa bbaa bbaa[0m      
bbaa bbaa bbaa bbaa[0m      
bbaa bbaa bbaa[0m   bbaa[0m    
bbaa bbaa bbaa bbaa[0m      
bbaa bbaa bbaa bbaa[0m      
bbaa bbaa bbaa bbaa[0m      
bbaa bbaa[0m      bbaa[0m      
bbaa bbaa bbaa bbaa[0m      
bbaa bbaa bbaa bbaa[0m      
bbaa bbaa bbaa bbaa[0m      
bbaa bbaa[0m      bbaa[0m      
bbaa bbaa bbaa bbaa[0m      
bbaa bbaa bbaa bbaa[0m      
bbaa bbaa bbaa bbaa[0m      
bbaa bbaa[0m      bbaa[0m      
bbaa bbaa bbaa bbaa[0m      
bbaa bbaa bbaa bbaa[0m      
bbaa bbaa bbaa bbaa[0m      
bbaa bbaa[0m      bbaa[0m      
bbaa bbaa bbaa bbaa[0m      
bbaa bbaa bbaa bbaa[0m      
bbaa bbaa bbaa bbaa[0m      
bbaa bbaa[0m      bbaa[0m      
bbaa bbaa bbaa bbaa[0m      
bbaa bbaa bbaa bbaa[0m      
bb[0m[0m                       
[0m                         